# ClashofClans2017apk

In the Clash of Clan game, a gem is a very sought after by all the users of this game. It is because this item can overcome any problems that arise in the game. Therefore it is very necessary. Besides, the price of gems is not low. If you want to speed up the Upgrade process, you can also use gems, and your process of upgrading will be finished. 

Of course, in a very popular game, gems are a very necessary thing. Therefore, I will give you the information that actually gems you can get by the freeway, so after you read this article, you don’t longer need to spend money to buy gems. Having a lot of gems, of course, will make your COC Base building quickly increasing. If your base has a strong defense, then the enemy will be very difficult to penetrate your base defense. Or maybe you can use gems to increase the power of your weapons, and also increase troops to attack the enemy. Therefore, you always win in setting the strategy. <a href="http://clashofclans.hack-free.com/">Hacks and tool 2017 Clash of Clans</a>.

One of the easy ways without using capital is to remove or cut down any trees and plants that come to the surface of your base. Any trees or anything that appears allows you to get the opportunity to get gems for free. And most importantly, you can cut a Gems Box. This gems box is very rarely seen. However, when the box appears, make sure to cut it down soon. It is because the next Gems Box will quickly reappear. Each gems box will contain 25 gems. Of course, it makes you get a Free Gems without having to buy it. You can also get gems with thousands amount by freeways. It is just by using an android app. You can use an application called WHAFF Rewards. You can download this application in Google Play Store in android. After you successfully download, please open this application. After that, just log in using the Facebook account.

Besides, you can get gems by winning the war with proper strategy. The attacking strategy in the COC war also is also important. Actually, it's up to you how to attack your opponent. For more effective and winning war in COC, it's good for us to share the strategy here. Observe first where the Clan Castle, where the water defense, the wall that looks like a trap, and of course Town Hall. If your enemy is half-godlike, then you cannot see Town Hall when the war is outside. It is definitely inside and very sheltered. The point when attacking the war is to destroy the troops in Clan Castle. After that, you can destroy the enemy base.
